README.md, before:

# Something-Different
This Repository having Simple Projects for Beginners. The Projects ideas may be new one or existing ideas. Each Project folder having a word document which describes about the project/technologies used inside it. 

# Note
Here I didn't followed any standards for the development. Just Implemented the Idea without Base Knowledge. 

# First Project - CRUD:
   The Idea Behind CRUD is like a "Management System". Here I have Implemented the "ID Card Design Management System". This application will holds the data of existing sample ID Card Designs and Base Informations. And also you can able to Provide new data about Your perspectives for a Id Card. A Sample Template will  be create for retreiving data from the Customers and will be Implement Shortly. 
   
# Why we need ID Card Design Management System ?
   Nowadays, People we are all Digitalized. If we request a design from a studio/ shop they have to search the existing designs for display the sample for us. Instead of searching through all folders, if we put all those data inside application with a standardized template, and it will useful for us easily categorized the samples. That's the thing, I have injecting this idea with the CRUD Application.

Commit message:

updated why we need id card management system
updated why we need id card management system

README.md, after:

# Something-Different
This Repository having Simple Projects for Beginners. The Projects ideas may be new one or existing ideas. Each Project folder having a word document which describes about the project/technologies used inside it. 

# Note
Here I didn't followed any standards for the development. Just Implemented the Idea without Base Knowledge. 

# First Project - CRUD:
   The Idea Behind CRUD is like a "Management System". Here I have Implemented the "ID Card Design Management System". This application will holds the data of existing sample ID Card Designs and Base Informations. And also you can able to Provide new data about Your perspectives for a Id Card. A Sample Template will  be create for retreiving data from the Customers and will be Implement Shortly. 
   
# Why we need ID Card Design Management System ?
  If we request a ID Card Design from a Design Shop/Photo Studio normally it takes some number of days to complete the Process. If a customer running out  of deadline, on that time he has to pay more money to the shop for the last minute Design works. 
Sometimes, customers requirement was rejected my the client(shops) due to lack of time/Employees. Sometimes Employees has to work for the late night for Last Minute Design works . To Overcome this, Introducing a Application here. It will having the existing ID Card Samples Information’s and Templates as PSD Files/ Images. And We can able to Create ID Card Designs by the Templates Provided in the Application.
